Optimize wording for tidb-computing (#7032)
pingcap/docs: tidb-computing.md

- As the data is being scanned, each row is read from TiKV via a KV operation with at least one RPC overhead, which can be very high if there is a large amount of data to be scanned.
- It is not applicable to all rows. Data that does not meet the conditions does not need to be read.

> - This query only asks for the number of rows that match the requirements, not the value of those rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- From the returned result of this query, only the number of rows that match the requirements is needed, not the value of those rows.
```
